CISC 3300 S25 
In class assignment 8 
1. In certain programming languages the source code is not directly translated by the target machine. Instead, a different program, called the interpreter, reads and executes the code. This is called an interpreted language. 
2. Type checking is performed at runtime, means that the type of a variable is allowed to change over its lifetime, this is called dynamic typing. 
3. The automatic conversion of values from one data type to another is called type juggling/type coercion.                                                                                             4. Non-primitive data types are mutable and hold references to objects stored in memory.                                                                                                                       5. Strict equal Checks if two values are equal without type coercion. 

6. Create a webpage that has a JavaScript component. In that Javascript component:              

    1. Add a string and a number together, console.log, and explain the output.

    - My ‘num’ value is 10, and my ‘word’ value is Light. When I added both of them, it combined both values into one string, ‘10Light’. This is because the ‘num’ value turns into a string.

    2. Run the output of the Number() function twice, once with a true boolean and once with a false boolean, console.log, and explain the output. 

    - When you run ‘Number(true)’ and console log it, the result will be the number ‘1’, and when you console log ‘Number(false), you get the number ‘0’. This is how machines determine true/false in binary.

    3. Run the output of the Boolean() function on 1, 0, and a string “0”, console.log and explain the output. 

    - When you console log ‘Boolean(0), you get ‘false.’ If you console log ‘Boolean(1), you get ‘true’ and if you console log ‘Boolean(“0”)’, you get true.’ Boolean reads the binary and checks to see if it is true or false, which is why it returns true for 1 and false for 0. Javascript returns all strings (except empty ones) as true, hence why “0” returns true.

    4. Please take a screenshot of your browser console with the output from 1-3.
